docs(security): add wording of transitive dependancies (#4672)
DataDog/dd-trace-go: SECURITY.md

Please note that we rely on golang.org/x/vuln/vulncheck to indicate whether any of our dependencies have a vulnerability that could impact any of the users of our APIs.
We have chosen this tool since it works differently from other vulnerability scanners.

> Because Go modules define minimum versions and include transitive dependencies, scanners that rely only on go.mod may report vulnerabilities that are not present in runtime or reachable by our code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go modules define minimum versions and include transitive dependencies; scanners that rely only on `dd-trace-go`'s `go.mod` may report vulnerabilities that are not present in a final compiled binary due to the binary's minimum versions.
```

> Go modules define minimum versions and include transitive dependencies; scanners that rely only on `dd-trace-go`'s `go.mod` may report vulnerabilities that are not present in a final compiled binary due to the binary's minimum versions.

Reviewer 2: IMO your original wording was more clear. There are two issues re: vulnerabilities: 1) as you originally wrote, just going off of go.mod may flag vulnerabilities which are not reachable through this library's code, and 2) our go.mod file only specifies the minimum required version of the dependencies, and the final binary can use newer versions of any dependencies.

How about this?

```suggestion
Scanners which rely only on `dd-trace-go`'s `go.mod` may report vulnerabilities that are not reachable in this library's code. Additionally, Go modules only specify the minimum required version of a dependency; a program's main `go.mod` file can specify newer versions that what this library's `go.mod` requires.
```

Author: That works!

Author: I did want to specifically mention transitive dependancies but I assume it is implied
